README.md, before:

# My Python Learning Journey
This repo is a collection of the code I have written/obtained following the Udemy course "100 Days of Code" (https://www.udemy.com/course/100-days-of-code/).

# File Guide:
## Days 1-15 did not utilize an IDE. Includes notes taken and coding examples. Projects using API keys have not been tested and does not contain any API information.

Day 1 Variables: Introductory notes to variables, printing, commenting, and debugging.

Day 2 Data Types: Introductory notes to different data types, math operations, and f-strings.

Day 3 Logical Operators: if-else statements, comparison operators, and scope.

Day 4 Random and Lists: Introduction to Random module and lists.

Day 5 Loops: Introduction to loops.

Day 6 Functions: Introduction to functions.

Day 7 Hangman: First Project - Create a game of Hangman.

Day 8 Functions with Inputs: Introduction to using functions with inputs.

Day 9 Dictionaries and Nesting: Introduction to dictionaries and nesting.

Day 10 Functions with Outputs: Introduction to returning outputs from functions.

Day 11 Blackjack Project: Create a game of Blackjack.

Day 12 Scope: Introduction to Global and local variables.

Day 13 Debugging: Debugging Exercises.

Day 14 Higher or Lower Game: Create a game to determine which choice has a higher or lower follower count.

Day 15 Coffee Machine: Create "system" of a coffee machine.

Day 16 OOP Coffee Machine: Redo Day 15 Project in Object Oriented Programing.

Day 17 Quiz Machine: First Iteration of Quiz App. Displays to the terminal.

Day 18 Turtle: Start working with the Turtle module.

Day 19 Sketch and Race: Creat app that allows user to choose which turtle they believe will win the race.

Day 20/21 Snake Game: The classic game of Snake recreated using Turtles.

Day 22 Pong: The game of pong recreated using Turtles.

Day 23 Turtle Crossing: Game of Frogger with Turtle.

Day 24 Better Snake: Improvements made to Snake Game (Day 20/21) including a scoreboard.

Day 25 CSV: Introduction to using pandas. Two projects: 1) Count the number of each squirrel fur color from a CSV and 2) List the US states and output a CSV of the missed states.

Day 26 NATO: Given a word from the user, returns the word spelled out using the NATO phonetic alphabet

Day 27 Tkinter GUI: Introduction to using tkinter. Create an app for converting mile and kilometer

Day 28 Pomodoro: Create an app/interface for the Pomodoro study/productivity method

Day 29 Password Manager: Create an app/interface for a password manager

Day 30 Errors and Json: Introduction to addressing errors

Day 31 Flash Cards: Create an app/interface for flash cards. Set-up to learn Japanese kanji

Day 32 Email: Introduction to automate email sending for birthdays

Day 33 API: Introduction to using API keys

Day 34 Quizzler App: Create an app/interface to improve the Quiz Machine (Day 17)

Day 35 Keys: Project check if it will rain in the next 12 hours. Contains info on environment variables to hide sensative info for public code storing (Not completed)

Day 36 Stock Trade: Get stock prices, calculate if the stock value has increased or decreased, if change is more than a certain amount: get news articles relating to why there was a change in the stock price, and send a text message.

Day 37 Habit Tracking: Create a graph using Pixela API

Day 38 Workout Tracker: Create an app to track exercise based on a user input statement and upload the data to a Google Sheet.

Day 39 Flight Deal Finder: Use Amadeus API to find cheap flights.

Day 40 Flight Club: Make the project from Day 39 publicly available. Allows users to sign up for email alerts for flight prices.

Day 41 Introduction to HTML: Contains 3 exercises and 1 project folder. Excerise folders are pratice using header tags, paragraph tags, and void elements. Project is creating a webpage of watched/favorite movies.

Day 42 Intermediate HTML: Contains 4 exercises and 1 project folder. Excerise folders are pratice using lists, embeding and nesting lists, anchor tags, and images. Project is creating a webpage for someone's birthday.

Day 43 Introduction to CSS: Begin learning about CSS and different methods of applying to HTML elements (Inline, Internal, and External)

Commit message:

Started Day 45 and updated readme to be more organized

README.md, after:

# My Python Learning Journey
This repo is a collection of the code I have written/obtained following the Udemy course "100 Days of Code" (https://www.udemy.com/course/100-days-of-code/).

# File Guide:
## Days 1-15 did not utilize an IDE. Includes notes taken and coding examples. Projects using API keys have not been tested and does not contain any API information.
<details>
<summary>Beginner: Days 1 - 15 (Intro to Python/Variables/Data Types/Logical Operaters/Loops/Functions)</summary>

Day 1 Variables: Introductory notes to variables, printing, commenting, and debugging.

Day 2 Data Types: Introductory notes to different data types, math operations, and f-strings.

Day 3 Logical Operators: if-else statements, comparison operators, and scope.

Day 4 Random and Lists: Introduction to Random module and lists.

Day 5 Loops: Introduction to loops.

Day 6 Functions: Introduction to functions.

Day 7 Hangman: First Project - Create a game of Hangman.

Day 8 Functions with Inputs: Introduction to using functions with inputs.

Day 9 Dictionaries and Nesting: Introduction to dictionaries and nesting.

Day 10 Functions with Outputs: Introduction to returning outputs from functions.

Day 11 Blackjack Project: Create a game of Blackjack.

Day 12 Scope: Introduction to Global and local variables.

Day 13 Debugging: Debugging Exercises.

Day 14 Higher or Lower Game: Create a game to determine which choice has a higher or lower follower count.

Day 15 Coffee Machine: Create "system" of a coffee machine.
</details>
<details>
<summary>Intermediate: Days 16 - 31 (Object Oriented Programming, TKInter, Pandas) </summary>

Day 16 OOP Coffee Machine: Redo Day 15 Project in Object Oriented Programing.

Day 17 Quiz Machine: First Iteration of Quiz App. Displays to the terminal.

Day 18 Turtle: Start working with the Turtle module.

Day 19 Sketch and Race: Creat app that allows user to choose which turtle they believe will win the race.

Day 20/21 Snake Game: The classic game of Snake recreated using Turtles.

Day 22 Pong: The game of pong recreated using Turtles.

Day 23 Turtle Crossing: Game of Frogger with Turtle.

Day 24 Better Snake: Improvements made to Snake Game (Day 20/21) including a scoreboard.

Day 25 CSV: Introduction to using pandas. Two projects: 1) Count the number of each squirrel fur color from a CSV and 2) List the US states and output a CSV of the missed states.

Day 26 NATO: Given a word from the user, returns the word spelled out using the NATO phonetic alphabet.

Day 27 Tkinter GUI: Introduction to using tkinter. Create an app for converting mile and kilometer.

Day 28 Pomodoro: Create an app/interface for the Pomodoro study/productivity method.

Day 29 Password Manager: Create an app/interface for a password manager.

Day 30 Errors and Json: Introduction to addressing errors.

Day 31 Flash Cards: Create an app/interface for flash cards. Set-up to learn Japanese kanji.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Intermediate+: Days 32 - 58 (HTML, CSS, APIs, Beautiful Soup, ) </summary>
Day 32 Email: Introduction to automate email sending for birthdays.

Day 33 API: Introduction to using API keys.

Day 34 Quizzler App: Create an app/interface to improve the Quiz Machine (Day 17).

Day 35 Keys: Project check if it will rain in the next 12 hours. Contains info on environment variables to hide sensative info for public code storing (Not completed).

Day 36 Stock Trade: Get stock prices, calculate if the stock value has increased or decreased, if change is more than a certain amount: get news articles relating to why there was a change in the stock price, and send a text message.

Day 37 Habit Tracking: Create a graph using Pixela API.

Day 38 Workout Tracker: Create an app to track exercise based on a user input statement and upload the data to a Google Sheet.

Day 39 Flight Deal Finder: Use Amadeus API to find cheap flights.

Day 40 Flight Club: Make the project from Day 39 publicly available. Allows users to sign up for email alerts for flight prices.

Day 41 Introduction to HTML: Contains 3 exercises and 1 project folder. Excerise folders are pratice using header tags, paragraph tags, and void elements. Project is creating a webpage of watched/favorite movies.

Day 42 Intermediate HTML: Contains 4 exercises and 1 project folder. Excerise folders are pratice using lists, embeding and nesting lists, anchor tags, and images. Project is creating a webpage for someone's birthday.

Day 43 Introduction to CSS: Begin learning about CSS and different methods of applying to HTML elements (Inline, Internal, and External).

Day 44 Intermediate CSS: More advance CSS projects.

Day 45

</details>
